Claim Your Idea Post:
Course project Pair 42: Education level and Cryptocurrency adoption among OECD vs non-OECD countries

Idea
Motivation: we are analyzing how specific national factors affect cryptocurrency adoption among different countries. 
          Cryptocurrencies represent a brand-new decentralization model for money. They also help combat a currency's monopoly and free cash from control. 
          No government organizations can set the coin's worthiness or flow, and regulation of cryptocurrency is very difficult. 
          As a result we wanted to see if there are differentiating factors among countries that influence their adoption of it. 
          Bhimani (2022) regressed 10 national factors to see how they would affect cryptocurrency adoption and found that education and HDI index had the highest correlation. 
Contribution: We will extend the paper to test whether there is a combined difference between OECD member countries versus non-OECD member countries when considering 
              the effect of education on cryptocurrency adoption among the countries.
Data set(s)
Data source: Our data is sourced from Chainanalysis. “The 2020 Geography of CryptoCurrency Report”. September 2020. Chainanalysis. 
            https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/2020-global-cryptocurrency-adoption-index-2020/ Links to an external site.. 
            And the education index data is gathered from the United Nations Development Programme. “ Human Development Report 2019”. 
            https://hdr.undp.org/content/human-development-report-2019 Links to an external site.. 
Time period: 2022
Data Structure: Cross-sectional 
Unit of Observation: Country
Core relationship of interest
The main outcome Y: crypto-currency adoption in a country. which is going to be measured on a scale from 0-10
The main variable of interest X: Education is the main variable of interest that we will analyze, we will be using inequality-adjusted education index from 2018. 
            It is going to be an index value from 0-1.
Base article: Bhimani, Alnoor, Kjell Hausken, and Sameen Arif. 2022. “Do National Development Factors Affect Cryptocurrency Adoption?” Technological Forecasting and 
            Social Change 181 (May): 121739. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.techfore.2022.121739
 
